---
title: 10-01-04
date: 2004-10-01 00:00:00 Z
category: social
layout: post
author: patdryburgh
old_entry_id: 312
---

Well, now that that's over...

What a night! First, I have to say, Ryan, my roommate, you are hilarious! Ryan did a short stand up comedy bit, and it was great! Three cheers! There were lots of other acts as well last night, including Sketch and his story telling, Corrie Kessler singing/playing piano, and, who can forget the mannequin song? All the acts were totally awesome! Kudos!

As for my set, this was probably the most nerve-racking show I've ever done. It was the first time I have ever played almost all of the songs I played. In fact, the only song I had ever done before another group of people is "All I Need," which obviously I've been playing for over a year now.

This show was interesting because it was just me and my guitar. It left my very open, very vulnerable. The first couple of songs I was a little uptight, but as I started talking to the crowd and really getting into it, I stopped worrying about what the people were thinking about the songs, and just focusing on singing my heart out. By the end of it, people were getting into it and singing along, which is always a great feeling!

So, now that that first show is out of the way, I'm really looking forward to the rest of this year. For those who were there last night, unfortunately I didn't get any of the show recorded. So, I guess I'll just have to wait until next time! Thanks very much for coming out and supporting me. It meant a lot!