---
title: September 7, 2005
date: 2005-09-07 00:00:00 Z
categories:
- blog
layout: post
author: patdryburgh
url_title: september-7-2005
old_entry_id: 332
---

So many things are running through my head right now. I have so much on my plate, so many things to juggle. I wish time would just slow down so I could catch up. It's like there's two conveyor belts, and I'm on the slow one, reaching across, trying to grab something on the other one so I am at least going the same pace as everyone else.

I'm still trying to find a job. Things with the church in Brampton aren't going to work out. I've decided I'm going to focus on secular work. I don't want to be tied up in a Christian job anymore. It's just one more chain tying me to Christianity. I want to be free of all those chains, so that it's only me holding on. No obligations, no responsibilities, just me and God, holding fast to one another. 

I've begun to read Donald Miller's new book. I'm excited, because it's a book about being on a journey, about moving. I need to move. I'm beginning to grow roots, and I hate that. I need to be going somewhere, but right now there's no place for me to go. 

My relationship with God is sort of plateaued, and not at the top of a mountain. I hate this place, and yet it's a place I know I need to travel before I can keep going. No, wait...it's a place I need to wait before I can keep going. 

Anyways, I hope everyone's having a great first week back at school/first week before the beginning of school (depending on your circumstance). Let me know how everyone's first week is!