---
layout: post
author: patdryburgh
title: Fears
url_title: fears
date: 2009-06-02
old_entry_id: 48


---

<p>My parents, from the time I was born, have been incredibly supportive of me and what I want to do in life. They have been active participants in most of the major decisions I&#8217;ve made in my life, providing encouragement and advice, challenging my assumptions and taking a genuine interest in my life and success.</p>
<p>I&#8217;ve had some audacious dreams in the past. From going to Bible College to be a youth pastor, to touring around the US chasing my rockstar dreams, to working at a church hours from home. Not every decision has been easy, and not every decision has been the right one. However, never once have my parents ever said &#8220;we don&#8217;t believe you can do that.&#8221; Not once.</p>
<p>As we get closer to the launch of the project Adam and I have been working on for the past 6+ months, I am starting to feel some apprehension about it all. Are we really ready for this? Is the product we&#8217;ve been working on going to reach our target market? Have we chosen appropriate pricing for it? Will anyone else even care?</p>
<p>My greatest fear is that the whole thing will end up to be a failure. This is my first online business, and while it&#8217;s been relatively easy to get where we are, this is just the beginning. There&#8217;s a lot of road left to travel.</p>
<p>It&#8217;s on the brink of a big launch that I need to hear my parents words clearly in my mind and my heart. &#8220;We love you, Patrick. We believe in you.&#8221; I&#8217;m so, so happy and grateful that I&#8217;ve been blessed to have this type of encouragement throughout my life. My goal is to not waste it away with fears of failure. If they believe in me, what is there to fear?</p>
<p><br /></p><br />